Allow disabling node-to-node connections (#4380)
tenzir/tenzir: web/docs/setup-guides/deploy-a-node.md

Visit https://app.tenzir.com to get started.
```

This will spawn a blocking process that listens by default for node-to-node
connections on the TCP endpoint `127.0.0.1:5158`. Select a different endpoint
via the `tenzir.endpoint` option, e.g., bind to an IPv6 address:

```bash
tenzir-node --endpoint=[::1]:42000
```

> If you want to use the node through the Tenzir Platform only, we recommend
> disabling node-to-node connections by setting the `tenzir.endpoint` option to
> `false`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `tenzir.endpoint` to `false` to disable the endpoint to access the node exclusively through the platform. This prevents connections from other `tenzir` or `tenzir-node` processes.
```
